This is a email client that uses Next.js and Tailwind CSS. With a sidebar for folders and a main area for emails.

The emails are stored in a database and the folder structure is stored in a database.

The emails are fetched from the database and displayed in the main area.

I need integrate an create a node based SMTP server to send and receive emails.

The incoming emails are stored in the database. database schema is as configured in the /lib/db/schema.ts file. The same schema is used for the the email client to view the emails.

When a new email is received, the email content is parsed for from address, to address, subject and body. and stored in the database.

When email is read from the email client, the email is marked as read in the database.

Need to create API routes to retrieve,save, update and delete the emails to the database.

I need to add email filter rules. based on the matching rules I need to take one of more below action on the email

Need to create a UI to configure the email filter rules and different actions Under Filters & Actions section.

before the email is downloaded from the SMTP server, the filter rules are applied.

When a rule matches, the email content is parsed for from address, to address, subject and body. and take one or more of the following actions:
- Forward the email to a configured email address configured in the action section of the rule
- Call a webhook configured in the action section of the rule
- Place the message in a kafka topic configued in the action section of the rule
- Run a javascript configured in the action section of the rule

All processed email are moved to a processed folder.

Need env variables to configure the email client and SMTP server.

One of the env variable need to determine whether to run the email client or SMTP server or both.

Need dockerfile to build and run the SMTP server and the email client.

Need github actions to build and push the docker image to a container registry.

Add a readme file to the project with the instructions to run the email client and SMTP server.

Add a .env file to the project with the environment variables.

Add a docker-compose.yml file to the project with the instructions to run the email client and SMTP server. 

Add a .gitignore file to the project with the instructions to ignore the files and folders.

Add/Update approapriate files for the above requirements.


